# tableauproject
I did a milestone project based on my topic...so I picked a topic to do a milestone on it. And i went through 5 milestones to get to my ending final workbook package, and you can find the whole file here
For my proposed project idea I decided to go with the UCI Heart Disease Data.  I picked this datasets since it is a well know data sets for heart disease classifications, and it is often also used for educational purposes as a benchmark for various machine learning algorithms. The data sets I picked includes 14 attributes and a total of 303 instances according to Kaggle, this is a sourced from the UCI Machine Learning Repository.
My project proposal is to use the machine learning algorithms to predict the "Heart Disease UCI" dataset and predict the presence of heart disease in patients. This dataset, which is accessible on Kaggle, contains information about various cardiovascular statistics for 303 patients, such as their demographic information, lifestyle habits, medical history, and test results. My goal for this project is to use this data to train a machine learning model to accurately predict the presence of heart disease. I am interested in this project because heart disease is a major global health concern, and improved predictions can lead to earlier diagnoses and better outcomes. Additionally, the Heart Disease UCI dataset provides a comprehensive and clean data source that can be used to explore the relationship between various factors and heart disease, making it an ideal dataset for this project.
Furthermore, this dataset was created by Cleveland Clinic Foundation in Cleveland, Ohio, USA and the original dataset was processed by Hungary-born physician András Janosi, who was working at the University Hospital Zurich, Switzerland. However, the location and origin of the patients in the UCI Heart Disease dataset is not specified. Latly the questions I have for my project ideas for now are
•	What is the Lifestyle habit for both Gender (If they exercise or do some kind of cardio)?
•	What are the distributions of demographic characteristics, such as the age and gender among each patient in the datasets?
•	How many percent of the patients experienced chest pain?
•	What was my lesson learned in this project?

